Managing cloud spend is quoted as,
"One of the major challenges facing experienced IT organizations today."
In some cases, IT organizations that have adopted Cloud technology have abandoned
their efforts due to both overwhelming costs and
the work it takes to understand and manage costs in the Cloud.
There are costs associated with the Cloud that
simply don't exist in the data center model,
such as data transfer fees and per second billing.
This lesson will help you understand the challenges of costs in
the Cloud and give you some tools to help you manage those costs.
We will start with an overview of Cloud costs.
Then we'll take a deeper look at AWS service pricing for instances, storage,
and databases, and identify best practices for managing costs in each type of service.
We'll end the lesson by looking at cost optimization and
best practices for monitoring costs. Let's get started.